Update README on GitHub (#3277)
nest/nest-simulator: README.md

dynamics, size and structure of neural systems rather than on the exact
morphology of individual neurons. The development of NEST is coordinated by the
NEST Initiative.

A NEST simulation tries to follow the logic of an electrophysiological
experiment that takes place inside a computer with the difference that the
neural system to be investigated must be defined by the experimenter.

NEST is ideal for networks of spiking neurons of any size, for example:

- Models of information processing, e.g., in the visual or auditory cortex of
  mammals,
- Models of network activity dynamics, e.g., laminar cortical networks or
  balanced random networks,
- Models of learning and plasticity.

For copyright information please refer to the `LICENSE` file and to the
information header in the source files.

General information on the NEST Initiative can be found at
its homepage at https://www.nest-initiative.org.

## Key features of NEST

* NEST provides a Python interface or a stand-alone application
* NEST provides a large collection of neurons and synapse models
* NEST provides numerous example network scripts along with tutorials and guides to help you
  develop your simulation

> * NEST has a large community of experienced developers and users; NEST was first released in 1994 under the name SYNOD, and has been extended and improved ever since

Author: I don't think so - but I have to double check 
The `/documentation` already goes to stable

* NEST is memory efficient: It makes the best use of your multi-core computer and compute clusters with minimal user intervention
* NEST is an open source project and is licensed under the GNU General Public License v2 or later
* NEST employs continuous integration workflows in order to maintain high code quality standards for correct and reproducible simulations

## Documentation

Please visit our [online documentation](https://nest-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for details on installing and using NEST.

## Cite NEST

If you use NEST as part of your research, please cite the *version* of NEST you used.
The full citation for each release can be found on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/search?q=title%3ANEST%20AND%20-description%3Agraphical%20AND%20simulator&l=list&p=1&s=10&sort=publication-desc)

For general citations, please use

`Gewaltig M-O & Diesmann M (2007) NEST (Neural Simulation Tool) Scholarpedia 2(4):1430.`

## Contact

If you need help or would like to discuss an idea or issue,
you can find [ways to get in touch here](https://nest-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/community.html).

## Contribute

> NEST is built on an active community and we welcome contributions to our code and documentation.
> 
> You can create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/nest/nest-simulator/issues/new/choose), for bug reports, feature requests, documentation improvements, or other issues.
> 
> For working with NEST code and documentation, [see our documentation](https://nest-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/developer_space/index.html#contribute-to-nest)

Reviewer: Also here we could add more links, especially to highlight the non-documentation channels, too.
```suggestion
NEST is built on an active community and we welcome everyone on [our mailinglist](https://nest-simulator.org/mailinglist) with comments and questions.

For documentation improvements, feature requests, bug reports or other issues you can create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/nest/nest-simulator/issues/new/choose) which will be discussed in our fortnightly [meetings](https://nest-simulator.org/videoconference).

Active contributions to our code and documentation are highly regarded and you can find important steps for working with NEST code and documentation in our [contribute-to-nest documentation](https://nest-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/developer_space/index.html#contribute-to-nest)
```
